So you've been invited to a FEDSIM
Due Diligence session.
How do you make it count?
The purpose of Due Diligence is
for you to become more familiar with the
upcoming solicitation so you can decide to bid.
Or if you already know that you will bid,
Due Diligence will help you
propose a competitive solution.
The format of Due Diligence is a 45 to 60
minute one-on-one meeting with the government.
At Due Diligence you can ask
tailored questions and provide feedback
to the entire government acquisition
team on the clarity of the draft
solicitation and any supporting
documents received in the advance notice
One benefit of attending a Due Diligence
session is the ability to meet the
acquisition team one on one without your
competitors present to further
understand the challenges the government
is trying to solve with this solicitation.
It's also your opportunity
to meet the individual participants who
helped draft the solicitation and its
evaluation requirements.
Your questions will not be shared with other industry
partners and your feedback may result in
helping the government further define,
clarify and shape the requirements
before the final release solicitation.
You may be wondering if Due Diligence is allowed.
In fact, the FAR encourages it.
We're not sure why it hasn't caught on
with the rest of the government but
we're working on that.
However, there are some ground rules.
First and foremost, this is not a corporate capabilities
corporate capabilities briefing.
Your time to wow the client
with the fancy sprockets, logos, and
innovative strategies was two months ago.
We are focused on the requirements
in this meeting, not how you can price to
win the contract.
We control for that anyway by using cost ranges
so it would be a waste of time.
If you ask cost or price questions they won't be answered.
We also won't answer questions about
technical evaluation criteria or
questions related to approval of a
potential solution or approach and
current contract performance.
Finally, we are also big on this being a
conversation, so please do not bring any
electronics into the session.
You are allowed to ask any technical questions
regarding the environment, the draft
documents, and the requirements.
We also encourage non-technical questions about
contract type, timelines for
solicitation release or questions about
business drivers.
We want to know if anything is unclear, is unduly
restrictive or limits your ability to
develop a solution.
Make your session count.
Bring folks from different disciplines.
Ask more questions than you
would during Q&A.
If you've already formed a team,
feel free to come together.
This is your opportunity to meet
one-on-one with the government and
client to shape the requirements prior
to the formal solicitation process.
For any specific questions, please contact
your FEDSIM Contracting Officer.